To see variables while debugging in release mode, close optimization.

VCRedist
The Microsoft Visual C++ redistributable packages, also known as VCredist, 
are runtime components in support of Windows applications compiled with Microsoft Visual Studio. 
The x86 distributions are for 32-bit applications; the x64 versions are for 64-bit applications, regardless 
of the bitness of the operating system. The version needed depends on the version of Visual Studio that 
was used to compile the application, which should be specified in the application installation instructions.
Microsoft Visual C++ Redistributable is the library that is having components which are required by 
many Applications to run, and the Apps which you develop on Visual C++ require components of the Microsoft 
Visual C++ Redistributable. These packages are used to run the contents that are developed or written 
in the C++ programming language. 
There are many Microsoft Redistributable packages installed on your System. You can view them by going 
to Control Panel/Programs/Apps and Features. And in the list of installed programs, you will see that 
there is more than one package of Microsoft Visual C++ Redistributable.
VC++ Redistributable is just like Java Runtime Environment. You need to install JRE to run programs developed in Java.

Runtime component
Microsoft Visual C++ (often abbreviated as MSVC or VC++) is a commercial (free version available), 
integrated development environment (IDE) product from Microsoft for the C, C++, and C++/CLI 
programming languages. It features tools for developing and debugging C++ code, especially code written for the 
Microsoft Windows API, the DirectX API, and the Microsoft .NET Framework.
Many applications require redistributable Visual C++ packages to function correctly. These packages are often installed 
independently of applications, allowing multiple applications to make use of the package while 
only having to install it once. These Visual C++ redistributable and runtime packages are mostly 
installed for standard libraries that many applications use.
Windows Runtime components are self-contained objects that you can instantiate and use from any 
language, including C#, Visual Basic, JavaScript, and C++. You can use Visual Studio and C#, 
Visual Basic, or C++ to create Windows Runtime components that can be used in Universal Windows Platform (UWP) apps.

Active-Active high availability cluster
An active-active cluster is typically made up of at least two nodes, both actively running the same kind of service 
simultaneously. The main purpose of an active-active cluster is to achieve load balancing. Load balancing 
distributes workloads across all nodes in order to prevent any single node from getting overloaded. Because 
there are more nodes available to serve, there will also be a marked improvement in throughput and response times.

Active-Passive high availability cluster
Like the active-active configuration, active-passive also consists of at least two nodes. However, as the name 
"active-passive" implies, not all nodes are going to be active. In the case of two nodes, for example, if the 
first node is already active, the second node must be passive or on standby. The passive (a.k.a. failover) 
server serves as a backup that's ready to take over as soon as the active (a.k.a. primary) server gets 
disconnected or is unable to serve. 

Network-attached storage (NAS) is a file-level computer data storage server connected to a computer network 
providing data access to a heterogeneous group of clients. NAS is specialized for serving files either by its 
hardware, software, or configuration. It is often manufactured as a computer appliance – a purpose-built 
specialized computer.[nb 1] NAS systems are networked appliances which contain one or more storage drives, 
often arranged into logical, redundant storage containers or RAID. Network-attached storage removes the 
responsibility of file serving from other servers on the network. They typically provide access to files 
using network file sharing protocols such as NFS, SMB, or AFP. From the mid-1990s, NAS devices began gaining 
popularity as a convenient method of sharing files among multiple computers. Potential benefits of dedicated 
network-attached storage, compared to general-purpose servers also serving files, include faster data access,
 easier administration, and simple configuration.[1]

Network Drive
A network drive is a storage device on a local access network (LAN) within a business or home. Within a business, 
the network drive is usually located on a server or a network-attached storage (NAS) device. In a home, the 
network drive may be located on a dedicated server, a NAS device, an external hard drive or one of the networked 
computers. If the drive is on one of the networked computers, however, other users will not be able to access 
the drive when that computer is turned off. A network drive on a home LAN makes it easier to share files 
and store files without using up computer resources. If the drive has enough capacity, it can also be used to 
back up all the computers on the network. 